Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey guys, sorry you
Joshua Ward: Got me on better as a bit
Joshua Ward: And see, again I pulled my bathroom on these
Joshua Ward: Mushrooms actually me I'll loopy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like flexor all or something.
Joshua Ward: No, they're called a Clonidine or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh quantities of blood pressure medicine.
Joshua Ward: Got me how loopy, though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what happened.
Joshua Ward: I was helping my father in law till his yard and
Joshua Ward: Like that was a bigger as a big tiller and like
Joshua Ward: pulled something in my back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The way to the hospital.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And did they find anything specific.
Joshua Ward: Is it is a pinched nerve. I got a big not right in the middle of my shoulder blades.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you have you thought about, or are you able to go get a massage
Joshua Ward: Looking very even touch you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can barely touch it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe that's something to consider in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And about a three or four days when it starts feeling a little bit better but um massage therapist can massage it out and open up the muscles so that it can release the nerve, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not all that's been going on.
Joshua Ward: Yeah, other than I've been doing good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Joshua Ward: My body just went into shock because I wouldn't know real work like that long time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, getting trying to get back into the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some kind of normalcy of life. Oh, yeah.
Joshua Ward: I know he's killing me feel though they can feel weird.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, they use them to help with anxiety, they use them to help sometimes they'll, they'll use them for detox.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They definitely are another avenue for relaxation, for sure.
Joshua Ward: Because only we relax makes me. It gives me anxiety.
Joshua Ward: Oh, like you go like gross.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gross.
Joshua Ward: Yeah.
Joshua Ward: I just want to throw up kinda like, you know, you get that for you on throw up like
Joshua Ward: Yeah. Yo,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you take the full
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dose that they wanted you to take or
Joshua Ward: What I just. It says, take one, four times a day, and I will even taking taking one in the morning and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe should I'm not a doctor but you know maybe lower it a little bit, maybe you can take half of one
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe that'll kind of help get out of the fogginess
Joshua Ward: Like this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's not good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can't function. You're just you're stuck.
Joshua Ward: Stuck in the bed. I'm trying to try to stretch it and stuff but man, it hurts.
Yeah.
Joshua Ward: Like say the night the night I did it, or the day I did it the night of the day. I did it. I was laying in bed and I got up to use restroom. I started coughing
Joshua Ward: And I guess coffins would start like what made it happen is like when I started, I started coughing like it just totally my grandma Muslims wrenched it ran like a lead on the floor cry. I literally in tears crying like 30 minutes into the hospital, like, I don't know what was weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes it tough, huh, yeah.
Joshua Ward: And then, yes. And then I got I got chest congestion. So coughing like number two I COUGH It hurt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, which makes it 10 times worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're just pretty much bedridden until you feel a little bit better for at least a couple days. Right.
This
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is the perfect time for you to be focusing on what you're putting in your body food wise, making sure you're drinking enough water, making sure that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're eating decently you know you're moving a little bit, you know, within the realms that you can so that you don't get all stiff, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sense
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right, I'm gonna let you go because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there's nothing that we can do when you know you're kind of when you're in the state. For sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it
Joshua Ward: The doctor said that that you're supposed to email him. Let him know that I came to my so you can give me the rest of my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, yes, I'm going to do that right now. As soon as we get off. OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I'm going to also let them know what happens. So that he's aware come Monday, you know, or Friday and group, he'll know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Joshua Ward: All right. Thank you. Very good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you get better, and I'll see you Friday group.
Joshua Ward: OK. OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, YouTube.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Josh bone, the muscle. He is now on Clonidine, I need to call or email darker alum and let them know what's up with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I couldn't really do anything with him because he is under the influence and not feeling very well sick.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This session only lasted six minutes because of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I don't know how it's going to work as far as building goes but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyways, thank you.